Readme.md, before:

# SecureEscrow
SecureEscrow proxies requests made to your application on a secure domain, stores the response, redirects the user to resources on an insecure domain, and serves the proxied response. It uses your preferred key-value store to hold responses between requests.

## The Goals
This tool was created for two purposes:

- Secure authentication from an insecure page without a full-page refresh
- Secure authentication from a 3rd party-domain

## The Solution
Instead of submitting secure actions via XHR, we submit them using a hidden iframe
by dynamically creating a target iframe and modifying a form's target to submit to
that iframe.

## Installation
Add the following line to your <tt>Gemfile</tt>.

````ruby
gem 'secure_escrow'
````

Update your application's bundle.

````
$ bundle install
````

## Usage
SecureEscrow has 5 integration points with a Rails application

- Middleware surrounding your application
- Domain information in application configuration
- Routes declared as escrowed
- JavaScript delivered via the asset pipeline
- Forms generated by views

### Install as Middleware
Add the SecureEscrow::Middleware around your Rails application. It must be configured with access to a backing key-value store.
In this example, the <tt>Awesome::Application.config.redis</tt> value is available after the <tt>environment</tt> file has been run.

Example <tt>config.ru</tt>:

````ruby
# This file is used by Rack-based servers to start the application.
require ::File.expand_path('../config/environment',  __FILE__)
use SecureEscrow::Middleware, Awesome::Application.config.redis
run Awesome::Application
````

### Configure Domain Information
Ordinarily Rails simply uses the client-supplied request hostname to generate URLs.  SecureEscrow needs to redirect to a
domain which may not be the same as the incoming request. Configuration is supplied on the Rails application instance, and
may differ for various environments. For example, in <tt>development.rb</tt> you might have the following config.

````ruby
# = SecureEscrow config =
config.secure_domain_name       = 'www.secure-awesome.devlocal'
config.secure_domain_protocol   = 'http'
config.secure_domain_port       = 3000
config.insecure_domain_name     = 'www.insecure-awesome.devlocal'
config.insecure_domain_protocol = 'http'
config.insecure_domain_port     = 3000 
`````

### Declare Escrowed Routes
In your Rails application's <tt>routes.rb</tt> file you can declare escrowed routes. Escrow only applies to POST actions.
In the following example, I show replacing a <tt>post</tt> route with an <tt>escrow</tt> route.

#### Before
```` ruby
get    'signin' => 'sessions#new',      as: :new_user_session
post   'signin' => 'sessions#create',   as: :user_session
get    'signout'=> 'sessions#destroy',  as: :destroy_user_session
````

#### After
````ruby
get    'signin' => 'sessions#new',      as: :new_user_session
escrow 'signin' => 'sessions#create',   as: :user_session
get    'signout'=> 'sessions#destroy',  as: :destroy_user_session
````

### Deliver JavaScript assets
SecureEscrow integrates in the Rails asset pipeline. Just add the following to your <tt>application.js</tt>.

````ruby
// SecureEscrow
// ======================
//= require secure_escrow
````

 
### Generate forms that submit to the escrow
View helpers are provided to generate forms that submit to the escrow.
 
Replace <tt>form_for</tt> with <tt>escrow_form_for</tt> and <tt>form_tag</tt> with <tt>escrow_form_tag</tt>.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Update Readme section on how Secure Escrow works

Readme.md, after:

# SecureEscrow
SecureEscrow proxies requests made to your application on a secure domain, stores the response, redirects the user to resources on an insecure domain, and serves the proxied response. It uses your preferred key-value store to hold responses between requests.

## The Goals
This tool was created for two purposes:

- Secure authentication from an insecure page without a full-page refresh
- Secure authentication from a 3rd party-domain

## The Solution
Your Rails application needs very little modification in order to support these secure actions.

Say you have a <tt>#signin</tt> ajax action that is currently insecure. Secure Escrow first helps you generate the same form with its action pointing to a secure domain. Also, instead of submitting the form via XHR, an iframe is dynamically-created and the form's target is set to that iframe. When the submission is received by the Secure Escrow middleware, the request is forwarded along to your Rails application. The response from Rails is then cached and an alternate response is delivered to the client. The client is redirected to GET action on the insecure domain. This action is served by the Secure Escrow middleware, and contains the cached response from the Rails application, leaving your app totally unaware that a redirection has occurred. The response is then parsed and passed back to your registered AJAX handler.

## Installation
Add the following line to your <tt>Gemfile</tt>.

````ruby
gem 'secure_escrow'
````

Update your application's bundle.

````
$ bundle install
````

## Usage
SecureEscrow has 5 integration points with a Rails application

- Middleware surrounding your application
- Domain information in application configuration
- Routes declared as escrowed
- JavaScript delivered via the asset pipeline
- Forms generated by views

### Install as Middleware
Add the SecureEscrow::Middleware around your Rails application. It must be configured with access to a backing key-value store.
In this example, the <tt>Awesome::Application.config.redis</tt> value is available after the <tt>environment</tt> file has been run.

Example <tt>config.ru</tt>:

````ruby
# This file is used by Rack-based servers to start the application.
require ::File.expand_path('../config/environment',  __FILE__)
use SecureEscrow::Middleware, Awesome::Application.config.redis
run Awesome::Application
````

### Configure Domain Information
Ordinarily Rails simply uses the client-supplied request hostname to generate URLs.  SecureEscrow needs to redirect to a
domain which may not be the same as the incoming request. Configuration is supplied on the Rails application instance, and
may differ for various environments. For example, in <tt>development.rb</tt> you might have the following config.

````ruby
# = SecureEscrow config =
config.secure_domain_name       = 'www.secure-awesome.devlocal'
config.secure_domain_protocol   = 'http'
config.secure_domain_port       = 3000
config.insecure_domain_name     = 'www.insecure-awesome.devlocal'
config.insecure_domain_protocol = 'http'
config.insecure_domain_port     = 3000 
`````

### Declare Escrowed Routes
In your Rails application's <tt>routes.rb</tt> file you can declare escrowed routes. Escrow only applies to POST actions.
In the following example, I show replacing a <tt>post</tt> route with an <tt>escrow</tt> route.

#### Before
```` ruby
get    'signin' => 'sessions#new',      as: :new_user_session
post   'signin' => 'sessions#create',   as: :user_session
get    'signout'=> 'sessions#destroy',  as: :destroy_user_session
````

#### After
````ruby
get    'signin' => 'sessions#new',      as: :new_user_session
escrow 'signin' => 'sessions#create',   as: :user_session
get    'signout'=> 'sessions#destroy',  as: :destroy_user_session
````

### Deliver JavaScript assets
SecureEscrow integrates in the Rails asset pipeline. Just add the following to your <tt>application.js</tt>.

````ruby
// SecureEscrow
// ======================
//= require secure_escrow
````

 
### Generate forms that submit to the escrow
View helpers are provided to generate forms that submit to the escrow.
 
Replace <tt>form_for</tt> with <tt>escrow_form_for</tt> and <tt>form_tag</tt> with <tt>escrow_form_tag</tt>.

## License

MIT
